[SDTEST-592] Add documentation for GitLab+CircleCI autoinstrumentation (#24904)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/ci-autoinstrumentation.md

We support auto-instrumentation for the following CI providers:
| CI Provider | Auto-Instrumentation method |
|---|---|
| GitHub Actions | [Datadog Test Visibility Github Action][1] |

> | Jenkins | [UI-based configuration][2] |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Jenkins | [UI-based configuration][2] with Datadog Jenkins plugin |
```

| GitLab | [Datadog Test Visibility GitLab Script][3] |
| CircleCI | [Datadog Test Visibility CircleCI Orb][4] |

> If you are using autoinstrumentation for one of these providers, the rest of the setup steps below can be skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using auto-instrumentation for one of these providers, the rest of the setup steps below can be skipped.
```

[1]: https://github.com/marketplace/actions/configure-datadog-test-visibility
[2]: /continuous_integration/pipelines/jenkins/#enable-with-the-jenkins-configuration-ui-1
[3]: https://github.com/DataDog/test-visibility-gitlab-script

> [4]: https://circleci.com/orbs/registry/orb/datadog/test-visibility-circleci-orb

Reviewer 2: 404s currently, but I'm guessing this is cos it hasn't been released yet?

Author: Yes, exactly :)
